= Redmine Check plugin

Author:: Holger Just
URL:: http://dev.holgerjust.de/projects/redmine-check

This plugin add a simple and very cheap action to check whether
the application stack is still alive. These checks do not clutter
your logs, as they are simply not logged.

Just send a request (e.g. an HTTP GET) to http://your.redmine/check.
If everything is okay, it answers with a HTTP 200 and the text "ALIVE"
in the body, if there is an error, it generates an HTTP 500 with "ERROR"
in the body.

Copyright (c) 2011 Holger Just

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

= Installation

The installation follows the standard installation path from
http://www.redmine.org/projects/redmine/wiki/Plugins

1. Copy the software to the vendor/plugins directory. Make sure that the name
   of the directory is redmine_check.
2. Restart Redmine
